I appreciate being able to eat daily.
I am so pleased for you, that`s wonderful news.
What fascinating mysteries lie ahead?
I know that I am so good looking.
I just want to go home and cry.
I really can`t believe you just said that.
I have always been there for both of my children.
I don`t know why, but I don`t trust him!
I am unsure about what is going to happen next.
I have won a large sum of money on the lottery.
If you need anything, please ask.
I really love your outfit, it looks amazing, you wear it so well!
I was relaxing listening to my music with a nice drink and some snacks.
The rain has not stopped for the last fortnight, if this continues, the crops in the fields will be ruined!
She was overjoyed at the birth of her first grandchild.
I`d be happy to help you with that.
That`s really great, I`m so pleased.
I can`t wait to see his face when he gets the money.
I have no idea how this happened.
Being in the situation myself, I understood where she was coming from.
You look pale, are you ill?
Where am I, who are you.
I am so glad we bought this house years ago, it still really is a nice place to live all these years later.
My blue flamingo enjoys visitors, would you like to come and see her and we can explore each other more.
I will do all I can to help him succeed.
I am not sure whether we should do this.
Everything is going to go wrong!
I am so appreciative of everything you have done for us.
He was admitted to the hospital but due to the lack of beds, spent days waiting on a trolley.
The sky was so blue this morning.
I frantically looked for my keys.
I do not believe they are speaking the truth.
We can get through this together.
I just didn`t know what to do next.
I never could of imagined my life being so great.
I am pleased to hear you won!
Don`t worry, everything will turn out okay!
I can`t believe that Donald Trump is claiming not guilty to all charges.
I am delighted with how the weather turned out.
I am really sorry you`re going through this.
The mob retrenched their ways after the elders talked to them.
I can`t believe that just happened!
Why would you do such a thing.
The sun has come out and the ice cream van has arrived!
I wasn`t expecting him to propose to me on holiday!